Add more depth to vercel.json (#420)
expo/router: docs/docs/guides/hosting.md

## Vercel

> Create a `./vercel.json` inside your ./dist folder (Important: Metro bundler will override anything inside the ./dist folder each time you re-bundle for web) and add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `./public/vercel.json` (contents of the root `public` folder are copied into the output `dist` folder) and add the following:
```
